DOCS-#37: Add rst documentation for unidist.config (#78)
modin-project/unidist: docs/flow/unidist/config.rst

..
      Copyright (C) 2021-2022 Modin authors

      SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

:orphan:

Unidist Configuration Settings
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Using these configuration settings, the user can tune unidist's behavior. Below you can find

> configuration settings currently provided by unidist.

Reviewer: I would add that all config setting-up should be done before `unidist.init()`.

Author: Added a note below.

Public API
''''''''''

> Potentially, the source of configuration settings can be any, but for now only environment

Reviewer: What do you mean by "the source of configuration settings can be any"?

Author: a file, for instance

|| IsRayCluster         || UNIDIST_RAY_CLUSTER             || Whether Ray is running on pre-initialized Ray cluster                  |
|| RayRedisAddress      || UNIDIST_RAY_REDIS_ADDRESS       || Redis address to connect to when running in Ray cluster                |
|| RayRedisPassword     || UNIDIST_RAY_REDIS_PASSWORD      || What password to use for connecting to Redis                           |
|| RayObjectStoreMemory || UNIDIST_RAY_OBJECT_STORE_MEMORY || How many bytes of memory to start the Ray object store with            |
|| DaskMemoryLimit      || UNIDIST_DASK_MEMORY_LIMIT       || How many bytes of memory that Dask worker should use                   |
|| IsDaskCluster        || UNIDIST_DASK_CLUSTER            || Whether Dask is running on pre-initialized Dask cluster                |
|| DaskSchedulerAddress || UNIDIST_DASK_SCHEDULER_ADDRESS  || Dask Scheduler address to connect to when running in Dask cluster      |
+-----------------------+----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Usage Guide
'''''''''''

> See example of interation with unidist configs below, as it can be seen config

Author: ```suggestion
See example of interaction with unidist configs below, as it can be seen config
```

> See example of interaction with unidist configs below, as it can be seen config
> value can be set either by setting the environment variable or by using config
> API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Сonfig value can be set with the environment variable, using config API or unidist CLI.
```
I suggest to avoid the redundant lexical constructions which doesn't include any additional semantic load.

Also, need to add example of setting config via CLI option.

Author: fixed and added

.. code-block:: python

    import os

    # Setting `UNIDIST_BACKEND` environment variable.
    # Also can be set outside the script.
    os.environ["UNIDIST_BACKEND"] = "Mpi"

    import unidist.config as cfg

    # Checking initially set `Backend` config,
    # which corresponds to `UNIDIST_BACKEND` environment variable

>     print(cfg.Backend.get()) # prints 'Mpi'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    print(cfg.Backend.get()) # prints 'mpi'
```

Author: fixed

+-----------------------+----------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Usage Guide
'''''''''''

As it can be seen below a config value can be set either by setting the environment variable or
by using config API.

.. code-block:: python

    import os

    # Setting `UNIDIST_BACKEND` environment variable.
    # Also can be set outside the script.
    os.environ["UNIDIST_BACKEND"] = "mpi"

    import unidist.config as cfg

    # Checking initially set `Backend` config,
    # which corresponds to `UNIDIST_BACKEND` environment variable
    print(cfg.Backend.get()) # prints 'mpi'

    # Checking default value of `CpuCount`
    print(cfg.CpuCount.get()) # prints the number of CPUs on your machine

    # Changing value of `CpuCount`
    cfg.CpuCount.put(16)
    print(cfg.CpuCount.get()) # prints '16'

.. note::
   Make sure that setting configuration values happens before unidist initialization
   (:py:func:`~unidist.api.init` call)! Otherwise, unidist will opt for the default settings.

Note that unidist also supports its own command line interface (CLI) though which a config value can be set.

> Wherein, strongly recommended do not mix setting a config value with multiple ways, use only one!

Reviewer: This should be highlighted via formatting/Warning/Note

Author: highlighted.
